Add Google Embed Extension to the sample lucid extensions repo (#11)
lucidsoftware/sample-lucid-extensions: google-embed/README.md

# Lucid / Google Embed integration

This repository contains a sample of the source for the Google Embed integration available through Lucid's extension marketplace [here](https://lucid.co/marketplace/72895e4e/google-docs-embedded-links).
The integration has the following capabilities:
1. Sets up a Google user authorization using OAuth 2.0 so users can make requests to Google while working in Lucid documents.

> 2. Adds a menu item to Lucidspark allowing allowing users to import Google Documents into a Lucid document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Adds a menu item to Lucidspark allowing users to import Google Documents into a Lucid document.
```

3. Unfurls Google Docs and Drive links pasted on the Lucid canvas.
4. Uses i18n to provide internationalization support for the integration.

This version of the integration **does not include the following features** even though they exist in the marketplace version of the integration.

1. The ability to extract multiple images for Google links (this only supports one page)
2. Support for a myrad of other Google Drive file formats

## Getting started

You will need to install dependencies for the editor extension with the package manager of your choice:
```
/google-embed-package/editorextensions/drive$ npm install
```

In order for your extension to access Google's API, you will need to set up an OAuth application in Google Drive by following their directions [here](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2).
* Create a "Web application" via the Google Console
* You will need the "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.readonly" scope
* Create an OAuth client id credential in the Google Console with the Web application type. Note the client ID and secret to store below

> * The redirect uri should be `https://extensibility.lucid.app/packages/723c81da-6df7-4764-87b0-01baf73f4093/oauthProviders/googleembedexample/authorized`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The redirect uri should be `https://extensibility.lucid.app/packages/<lucid package Id>/oauthProviders/googleembedexample/authorized`
```
